[Music]
[Applause]
looks like we're here huh we'll steal
nor chemical - that makes you the last
one eat stand before me
less than 56 hours to get based on your
goal our grand prize is almost infinite
you ever someone stands between our eyes
each other fighting oh not a typical so
what did that self you say we had to do
again by whatever means well there's the
girl oh yeah hey keya don't be scared
I'll protect you well let's what we have
to fight him next
Oh black and white you better live up to
his end in all this
more people to me this should be fun hey
g-man swag so how's your head so what if
we refuse to fight will let's just see
that your life as well as that no child
behind you will be unfortunate thought
as much
let's begin what's going on
mr. lover
but Rosen Thank You captain obvious boy
commander agus what the bloody hell are
you doing
[Music]
the finals have begun add those
the end of everything
so who did you get how to meet his body
it was simple really just trick the
idiot into drinking the most potent beer
I add then I just convinced him to give
him a book found a spell and made him
say it sounds like you've had your fair
share of fun I well enough chitchat can
we get this over with
I've got a score to settle with old
haggis over there well at least he ain't
a warlock
[Music]
not just yet
on the two
actually burger have
bollocks
remember kids a wise wizard knows what
this hunt abruptly Geass is on fire
betta minutes weighs the shields
fill the record I'm a wizard
not a mage you don't see me prancing
about spamming ice Lance do you
[Applause]
[Music]
you